It was a soccer rattlesnake club.
to face the londrina
and there they say that the shark
given by its supporters at the stadium
the execution
my
the supporter believes in another victory in command
at the coffee stadium
there to the right
when crossing to the area according to the police the first instant
the dafra defense
airports
arthuro
will give everything
the tournament
insisted love to pass by the back will try the goal
to commemorate
the party
the obsession and thirst of the coffee stadium
really
to see you again
the corner of the Rio vagner rattlesnake
it seems that the spirit
look here launch to the air
hervázio area was overthrown to strike
if they are the zanderirão celebrating
the air striker
maximum penalty
irna quoted with the bill hit
the more to give you
the goal won the title
carlópolis
outdoors
heel
when the line arrives
berto penalty
the judge of the penalty mark at the crossing than the king
The ball touched my arm.
the fernando defender
lime brand
now it's guarany for collection
ran to hit the ball
lime
highlighting the games in the championship
on the other hand to the other
however of the other
the rattlesnake crossing vágner
thc at 0
crossing of the left and the carioca vágner appeared in the bid
in these areas
2 to londrina
this plane that was the goal of draw
the boy spoke of a defender the crossing is to arrive denmark rogério
the second time recommendation
rattlesnake sidelight looks at the cross hawk head off now
at the beginning of the second half
the crossing of the corner
Bruno Senna appeared alone
and in the middle of the rear
not having the program melo
2 to 2 in the cafe
turkey has invaded the area or not
the action is run over
and the referee nothing marks
the launch in the middle
example of what happens in Brazil this high
prodigal of londrina
peter discussed thousand
lost with the rattlesnake player and the time
feijoada's state
this process said
maicon
macarthur
Look at the crossroads hit the sand.
the skirt of the ball
almost, almost
third goal from londrina
Only shark
when tapping for coverage
and outward disgust
beautiful launch of the plan
the arrival of emerson
i kept
The hurt is trying to score the goal in your
the rattlesnake coming touching the area or
the Taliban because the law prevents from punishing the rattlesnake
everybody up to the referee
there the fans do not see fred
is little tuco really london defender duprat
michael
in the middle
fit June 7
a network
there the barbosa mayor grandson suffer from the baron point
the rattlesnake presses cup
the senator asked
penalty kick again sis
rattlesnake vanda
willian
was the goal of victory to escape danilo relegation
rhodolfo the request will still try to vote for her
she saved london
zerbino game in utah state series guitar hero
the two will train 2 sets to 0